Update documentation and config files to add WandB details (#1120)
ivadomed/ivadomed: docs/source/configuration_file.rst

    }

> Weights and Biases (WandB)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Weights & Biases (WandB)
```

> -----------------

Author: You mean, with the hyphens? like extend them until after "(WandB)"?

> ``ivadomed`` provides an additional option to track your ML experiments with the help of WandB. It provides a 

Author: Aha! Good catch about the reference! Will update this

feature-rich dashboard (accessible through any web-browser) to track and visualize the learning 
curves, gradients, and media. It is recommended to setup a personal 
WandB account to track experiments on WandB, however, you can still train models using ivadomed
without an account, since the metrics are logged on Tensorboard by default. 

.. jsonschema::

    {
        "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-04/schema#",
        "title": "wandb_api_key",
        "$$description": [

>             "This is a private key used to sync the local wandb folder with the wandb dashboard accessible through the browser.\n",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "A private key used to sync the local wandb folder with the wandb dashboard accessible through the browser.\n",
```

            "The API key can be found from the browser in your WandB Account's Settings, under the section ``API Keys``.\n",

>             "Note that once it is successfully authorized for the first time, a message will be printed in the terminal notifying\n",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "Note that once it is successfully authenticated, a message would be printed in the terminal notifying\n",
```

>             "that the API key is stored in the ``.netrc`` file in the ``/home`` folder. From here on, this key-value pair in the\n",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "that the API key is stored in the ``.netrc`` file in the ``/home`` folder. From then on, this key-value pair in the\n",
```

>             "config file can be left empty, like ``'wandb_api_key': ''``"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "config file could be omitted, like ``'wandb_api_key': ''``"
```

        ],
        "type": "string"
    }

.. code-block:: JSON

    {
        "wandb": {
            "wandb_api_key": "<alphanumeric-key-here>"
        }
    }

.. jsonschema::

    {
        "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-04/schema#",
        "title": "project_name",
        "$$description": [

>             "As the key suggests, this defines the name of the current project to which the groups and runs will be synced."

Reviewer: Just start with Defines to be in coherence with existing doc language

        ],
        "type": "string"
    }

.. code-block:: JSON

    {
        "wandb": {
            "project_name": "my-temp-project"
        }
    }

.. jsonschema::

    {
        "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-04/schema#",
        "title": "group_name",
        "$$description": [

>             "This defines the name of the group to which the runs will be synced. On the WandB Dashboard,\n",

Reviewer: Same as above

            "the groups can be found on clicking the ``Projects`` tab on the left."
        ],
        "type": "string"
    }

.. code-block:: JSON

    {
        "wandb": {

>             "group_name": "my-temp-group"

Reviewer 2: not sure I understand difference between "title" and "group_name".

        }
    }

.. jsonschema::

    {
        "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-04/schema#",
        "title": "run_name",
        "$$description": [

>             "This defines the name of the current run (or, experiment). All the previous and active runs\n",

Reviewer: Same as above

            "can be found under the corresponding group on the WandB Dashboard."
        ],
        "type": "string"
    }

.. code-block:: JSON

    {
        "wandb": {
            "run_name": "run-1"
        }
    }

.. jsonschema::

    {
        "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-04/schema#",
        "title": "log_grads_every",
        "$$description": [
            "Defines the frequency (in number of steps) of the logging of gradients on to the Dashboard to track and visualize\n",
            "their histograms as the model trains.\n"
        ],
        "type": "int"
    }

.. code-block:: JSON

    {
        "wandb": {
            "log_grads_every": 100
        }
    }

.. note::
    There are two important points to be noted: 
    (1) Gradients can be large so they can consume more storage space if ``log_grads_every`` is set to a small number, 
    (2) ``log_grads_every`` also depends on the total duration of training, i.e. if the model is run for only
    a few epochs, gradients might not be logged if ``log_grads_every`` is too large. Hence, the right frequency of
    gradient logging depends on the training duration and model size.

.. note::

>     If ``debug = True`` is specified in the config file, the training and validation input images, ground truth labels, and 

Reviewer: I guess you meant `debugging`?

Author: Oh yes, `debugging` it is!
